# Asset Types

Particle Effect;Particle Effect

# Component Types

wdParticleComponent;Particle;;https://wdengine.net/pages/docs/effects/particle-effects/particle-effect-component.html

# UI

PFX.Restart;Restart
PFX.AutoRestart;Loop
PFX.Pause;Pause
PFX.Speed.Menu;Simulation Speed
PFX.Speed.01;10%
PFX.Speed.025;25%
PFX.Speed.05;50%
PFX.Speed.1;100%
PFX.Speed.15;150%
PFX.Speed.2;200%
PFX.Speed.3;300%
PFX.Speed.4;400%
PFX.Speed.5;500%
PFX.Speed.10;1000%
PFX.Render.Visualizers;Render Visualizers

# Enums

wdParticleTypeRenderMode::BlendedForeground;Blended (Foreground)
wdParticleTypeRenderMode::BlendedBackground;Blended (Background)

wdEffectInvisibleUpdateRate::Max20fps;Max 20 FPS
wdEffectInvisibleUpdateRate::Max10fps;Max 10 FPS
wdEffectInvisibleUpdateRate::Max5fps;Max 5 FPS

wdParticleTextureAtlasType::RandomYAnimatedX;Random Row, Animated Column

wdParticleBehaviorFactory_ColorGradient;Color Gradient
wdParticleBehaviorFactory_Velocity;Velocity
wdParticleBehaviorFactory_Gravity;Gravity
wdParticleBehaviorFactory_Raycast;Raycast
wdParticleBehaviorFactory_FadeOut;Fade Out
wdParticleBehaviorFactory_PullAlong;Pull Along
wdParticleBehaviorFactory_SizeCurve;Size Curve
wdParticleBehaviorFactory_Flies;Flies
wdParticleBehaviorFactory_Bounds;Bounds

wdParticleEmitterFactory_Continuous;Continuous
wdParticleEmitterFactory_OnEvent;On Event
wdParticleEmitterFactory_Burst;Burst
wdParticleEmitterFactory_Distance;Distance

wdParticleInitializerFactory_BoxPosition;Box Position
wdParticleInitializerFactory_CylinderPosition;Cylinder Position
wdParticleInitializerFactory_RandomColor;Random Color
wdParticleInitializerFactory_RandomSize;Random Size
wdParticleInitializerFactory_RandomRotationSpeed;Rotation Speed
wdParticleInitializerFactory_SpherePosition;Sphere Position
wdParticleInitializerFactory_VelocityCone;Velocity Cone

wdParticleEventReactionFactory_Effect;Effect Reaction
wdParticleEventReactionFactory_Prefab;Prefab Reaction

wdQuadParticleOrientation::Rotating_OrthoEmitterDir;Rotating: Ortho Emitter Dir
wdQuadParticleOrientation::Rotating_EmitterDir;Rotating: Emitter Dir
wdQuadParticleOrientation::Fixed_EmitterDir;Fixed: Emitter Dir
wdQuadParticleOrientation::Fixed_RandomDir;Fixed: Random Dir
wdQuadParticleOrientation::Fixed_WorldUp;Fixed: World Up
wdQuadParticleOrientation::FixedAxis_EmitterDir;Axis: Emitter Dir
wdQuadParticleOrientation::FixedAxis_ParticleDir;Axis: Particle Dir

wdParticleTypeTrailFactory;Trail
wdParticleTypeMeshFactory;Mesh
wdParticleTypeQuadFactory;Quad
wdParticleTypeLightFactory;Light
wdParticleTypeEffectFactory;Effect
wdParticleTypePointFactory;Point

# Properties

wdParticleEffectDescriptor::PreSimulateDuration;Pre-Simulate Duration
wdParticleEffectDescriptor::SimulateInLocalSpace;Simulate In Local-Space

wdParticleBehaviorFactory_Bounds::OutOfBoundsMode;Out-Of-Bounds Mode
