# Asset Types

RenderPipeline;Render Pipeline

# Enums

wdGALResourceFormat::RGBAFloat;RGBA Float
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBAUInt;RGBA UInt
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBAInt;RGBA Int
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBFloat;RGB Float
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBUInt;RGB UInt
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBInt;RGB Int
wdGALResourceFormat::B5G6R5UNormalized;B5G6R5 UNormalized
wdGALResourceFormat::BGRAUByteNormalized;BGRA UByte Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::BGRAUByteNormalizedsRGB;BGRA UByte Normalized sRGB
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBAHalf;RGBA Half
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBAUShort;RGBA UShort
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBAUShortNormalized;RGBA UShort Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBAShort;RGBA Short
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBAShortNormalized;RGBA Short Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::RGFloat;RG Float
wdGALResourceFormat::RGUInt;RG UInt
wdGALResourceFormat::RGInt;RG Int
wdGALResourceFormat::RGB10A2UInt;RGB10A2 UInt
wdGALResourceFormat::RGB10A2UIntNormalized;RGB10A2 UInt Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::RG11B10Float;RG11B10 Float
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBAUByteNormalized;RGBA UByte Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBAUByteNormalizedsRGB;RGBA UByte Normalized sRGB
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBAUByte;RGBA UByte
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBAByteNormalized;RGBA Byte Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::RGBAByte;RGBA Byte
wdGALResourceFormat::RGHalf;RG Half
wdGALResourceFormat::RGUShort;RG UShort
wdGALResourceFormat::RGUShortNormalized;RG UShort Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::RGShort;RG Short
wdGALResourceFormat::RGShortNormalized;RG Short Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::RGUByte;RG UByte
wdGALResourceFormat::RGUByteNormalized;RG UByte Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::RGByte;RG Byte
wdGALResourceFormat::RGByteNormalized;RG Byte Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::DFloat;Depth Float
wdGALResourceFormat::RFloat;R Float
wdGALResourceFormat::RUInt;R UInt
wdGALResourceFormat::RInt;R Int
wdGALResourceFormat::RHalf;R Half
wdGALResourceFormat::RUShort;R UShort
wdGALResourceFormat::RUShortNormalized;RU Short Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::RShort;R Short
wdGALResourceFormat::RShortNormalized;R Short Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::RUByte;R UByte
wdGALResourceFormat::RUByteNormalized;R UByte Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::RByte;R Byte
wdGALResourceFormat::RByteNormalized;R Byte Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::AUByteNormalized;A UByte Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::D16;Depth 16
wdGALResourceFormat::D24S8;Depth 24 Stencil 8
wdGALResourceFormat::BC1;BC1
wdGALResourceFormat::BC1sRGB;BC1 sRGB
wdGALResourceFormat::BC2;BC2
wdGALResourceFormat::BC2sRGB;BC2 sRGB
wdGALResourceFormat::BC3;BC3
wdGALResourceFormat::BC3sRGB;BC3 sRGB
wdGALResourceFormat::BC4UNormalized;BC4 UNormalized
wdGALResourceFormat::BC4Normalized;BC4 Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::BC5UNormalized;BC5 UNormalized
wdGALResourceFormat::BC5Normalized;BC5 Normalized
wdGALResourceFormat::BC6UFloat;BC6 UFloat
wdGALResourceFormat::BC6Float;BC6 Float
wdGALResourceFormat::BC7UNormalized;BC7 UNormalized
wdGALResourceFormat::BC7UNormalizedsRGB;BC7 UNormalized sRGB

wdGALMSAASampleCount::TwoSamples;2 Samples
wdGALMSAASampleCount::FourSamples;4 Samples
wdGALMSAASampleCount::EightSamples;8 Samples

wdLSAODepthCompareFunction::NormalAndSampleDistance;Normal And Sample-Distance

wdImguiExtractor;ImGUI Extractor
